Of course I'll pick you up John. You're my favorite cousin

Great, I'll see you at the bus station at 3 o'clock. Have a great trip. Bye

Hello oh hi professor Albee

Can you teach oh, sorry my cousin is visiting this week from Seattle, and he arrives today at 3:00

Well

Wait

Listen my roommate Tara can go to the bus station and meet my cousin miss lusca always helps me

Bye

Sure son hey, I'd love to meet your cousin, so what does he look like well? He's in his 30s. Okay and

He's about average height 5/6 and

He's pretty heavyset uh-huh, and he has really long black hair and brown eyes

Okay, so does he speak English yes. He does oh, and I almost forgot. He wears really big glasses

Got it. Thanks so much for doing this for me. Hey. What a friend's fool? Oh?

Wow, really late. Uh I'll meet you back here at 4:30 with my cousin sure no problem. Bye

Jamun oh my gosh

some he

Wow, you look so different. You're so thin

I need healthier food now, and I go to the gym everyday good for you

Hey, where are your glasses?

contact lenses and

Your hair it's so short. It looks good on you. You look great. Hey, thanks

How did you find him he looks so different now?

tada

Okay, let's begin in Japan you bow when you greet people like this

That's cool

Hi

What are you two doing? Takeshi is teaching me traditional Japanese greetings for my trip to Japan?

Your trip to Japan when I have a big meeting in Tokyo in July wow, that's great

I'm a little nervous about the whole trip though. Hey. There's no need to be nervous. I'm kind of worried about making mistakes

I don't know anything about Japan

Don't worry. Everything is going to be fine, and you have a good teacher

Let's see what else Oh remember

Always use two hands when you give a person your business card like this

Hey that looks really good Claudia

You're a natural remember never use your finger to point. That's actually rude in a lot of countries

Really, yeah, oh and one more thing in Japan for luck

You jump three times and nod your head like this

Yeah, that's right come on come on Claudia try it

Good

Like this yeah

Hey

They don't do that in Japan you guys are joking oh come on Claudia

I only wanted to teach you a very important lesson for traveling

Relax and have a little fun. You're right some teacher you are

Hello

Hi, - Kesha its Mike. I'm at the supermarket getting some milk. Do we need anything? I don't know let me take a look

Let's see you well. We need some fruit and some vegetables to

get some apples and oranges, maybe five or six of each and

get three or four tomatoes and

Some carrots, maybe a pound got it

Hey the lettuce looks really good do we need any no we don't need any more lettuce we have three heads you always buy it

And then never make salads okay?

anything else

we need bread and

Some eggs we don't need any eggs we already have some I

Don't see any eggs here

Trust me. I have a great memory I

Think there next to the yoghurt

Yep, you're right. We have some

see I

Guess that's it

Hey, how about hamburgers for dinner tonight? Oh?

Great idea how many do we need?

I'm really hungry for that's too many get two okay two hamburgers

And how about rice do we have any?

we have some but there isn't much get one more bag and

Are you writing all this down

Ah, I'm telling you. I have a great memory remember the eggs

Okay, I guess that's it. I'll see in a few minutes. Okay. Bye

1 2 3

Hi, Mike hi, Jesse, it's Mike I forgot my own wallet

How did you know?

Do you have it? Yeah? I'm coming right now

Great memory huh I

The one with the great memory I never forget a thing never ever forget a thing

Roberto why are you bringing a sweater to Mexico City? It's summer there, so it's really hot right?

It's usually hot in the day, but sometimes at night it gets chilly oh

Well

What about the business suit isn't it a vacation yes, and no I

Have a big meeting on Tuesday, so I'm bringing the suit, but after Tuesday. It's vacation time

Who would all the gifts for Oh?

my family lives in Mexico City, so I'm bringing them some souvenirs from New York and

Who's the book for it's for Maria my niece

She's 10 years old

10 did you get her something more fun like a video game

Maria is young but she loves books. She's really smart

No

What about this is this hers - oh that that belongs to my dad?

It's a souvenir from his New York visit, but he forgot it

Do you think I should get him another present?

Well that already belongs to him. Hey you should get him a New York t-shirt or maybe a Yankees cap

Good idea, I can get that at the airport hmm

That's it do you have your plane ticket and Passport yes

And I have my hotel information my car rental information my cameras in my briefcase

Hey

Whose is this another souvenir um no um, it's mine

It's yours

It was a good luck present from Claudia I always travel with him ah

Don't be embarrassed he's very cute, and I'm sure he makes a great travel partner

Hi

Hey

Who's that?

Her name is Rigoberta menchú. She's one of my heroes. I really admire her. Where's she from?

She was born in Guatemala, and now she is a human rights activist in Latin America in

1992 she won the Nobel Peace Prize Wow

What did she do?

Well, she risked her life to help her people

She's still working for social change

She's a very intelligent woman and a great leader. She sounds like a really strong person

strong and brave, too

Hi, oh hi

What are you doing?

Well, did you see Claudia's picture of Rigoberta menchú yeah?

She told me all about her is this one of your heroes yeah her name is Jeong ChiHong

That's an old picture is she still alive

No, she died three years ago. Sorry to hear that

What does she do?

Well, she was a very successful entrepreneur

really

Yeah, she moved away from home when she was really young and

Then she studied and worked very hard to become a success, but she always felt people who needed it. She helped me a lot Wow

Was she famous no not really?

Did she win any prizes or anything no?

She wasn't famous she didn't win any prizes who was she?

She was my grandmother. Oh

Hi hi

Its matter I

Had a really strange dream last night really. Do you remember it? I think so

Maybe I?

Don't know

But it was really weird come on try

Well, I remember in my dream. It was daytime, and I was in my pajamas and

I saw a man in the street. I stopped and asked him where to buy a ticket a

Ticket a ticket for what I don't know

And then what happened I'm not sure

But I remembered that I began talking to him, and I really enjoyed it. We laughed a lot

He reminded me of someone

Yeah, and then and then he hugged me and it was Mike

No

really

Do you remember anything else?

No

But something else happened. I'm sure I think I

Got it

We taught some more, and then he shook my hand and then he

began to dance

Like this Oh

Like a ballet dancer yeah, and then I won't go. This is so scary why?

What are those they were a surprise I got us two tickets to a show tonight the New York City Ballet

Hi, we're back anybody home hmm hey, what's that?

Oh

It's a note from Claudia

Hi girls. There's a cool new restaurant near my office

Let's have dinner there tonight my treat

The name is Giovanni's and it's on West Houston Street between MacDougall and Sullivan you can't miss it Claudia

PS the traffic is terrible down there. Take the subway and walk. Oh, it sounds like fun. Let's go yeah, let's

All right, I'm gonna get the note. Oh, okay, let's see

I don't have to letís note. Let's go to it. Don't worry about it Claudia said you can't miss it

We can find it come on

What is it I don't know and it's raining

Let's ask him

Excuse us

We're looking for a restaurant called Giovanni's. Do you know where it is?

Giovanni's I know the name what street is it on I

Think it's on West Houston Street

Oh, yeah, yeah, Giovanni's it's it's on West Houston between MacDougal and Sullivan Street. That's right

That was in the note

Can you give us directions? Yeah sure it's pretty close?

You walk two blocks down this street. You turn left at the gym on the corner, okay?

But you walk one more block

This big nightclub called up close. It's on the corner of West Houston and MacDougal

Right click cold up close. That's it turn right on, West Houston

Walk about 200 meters. It's an amid little block on the right

You can't miss it. Good luck ok great. Thanks

Did you understand them

Sort of but we're late come on. Let's go oh

My gosh I don't believe it. This is the same street level on five minutes ago forget it

We're lost and I'm hungry me too

Let's take a taxi

taxi

I

Can't believe it the restaurant was right across the street from the subway station well like Claudia said you can't miss it

Don't look so fun. I want to play really I

love baseball

Do you play baseball? Yes, I love to play baseball. I'm pretty athletic you know

All the time

Well maybe not that often five or six times a year

How about you? How often? Do you play sports? Oh?

Once in a while. I don't play baseball very often, but I go swimming once a week, and I love to play tennis

Oh, yeah, I don't love to do play

Well right now. I play about twice a month, but I'd like to play more. Maybe I'll be late

He'll be able to plays tennis all the time he's on a tennis team really

Yeah, maybe you should play tennis with him good idea oh

Wait a minute. It's really competitive

well kind of he's pretty serious about sport I

Don't know

I'm not all that competitive. I just want to have fun

Me too. That's why I don't like playing sports with Roberto very often

Hey, thanks sure listen we need two more players you two want to play

Well I'm not very good are you guys serious players or do you just play for fun hey in our games

It's all about having fun. Oh well in that case we'd love to and don't worry

We're both very athletic in fact. I play baseball all the time

Oh

Claudia

Well maybe not all the times Oh

Mike yeah, what are you doing?

I'm thinking I need to change

but change

Yeah, a big change. I'm going to change my style. I'm going to get a haircut oh

Yeah, that's a really big change. Hey a haircut is just the beginning

I'm going to quit some of my bad habits - bad habits

You know I mean sometimes. I'm a little lazy. I watch too much TV. I eat a lot of junk food. I'm going to stop

Uh-huh and it's going to snow in July - I'm not kidding. I really want to change

You know Claudia told me she wants to change her life - really does she have a lot of bad habits - no what?

But she likes to travel a lot so she wants to change jobs to have more time to take trips

She's going to visit her family in Brazil next month. I'd really like to travel more - I want to go to Brazil

I'm gonna go when I'm rich and famous

You're going to be rich and famous. Oh, that's right. I remember you're going to become a famous movie star

No

That was last week you're going to be a rock and roll star now away

I can't sing I'm going to write a book that sells a million copies oh

That sounds great, so what is this terrific book going to be about?

I don't know yet, but I know that it starts with a guy

That wants to get a haircut

That'll sell a million copies. I'm sure of it, and then maybe he becomes a

super cool movie star

Or an athlete

Or a racecar driver a

Hundred and sixty-five pounds very good

So Takeshi, what's the matter well dr. Nicholson? I don't feel well. What's wrong I?

Have a sore throat and a fever

You have a cough

No, I don't

Give an earache

Kind of my right ear hurts a little hmm. Oh

And I have a runny nose and a bad headache

How's your energy level? I don't have any energy. That's the terrible part plus

I have a lot of things to do homework my part-time job

Well, it sounds like you have a bad head cold

Take some vitamin C. Drink lots of water and get some sleep

Relax, don't work too hard. You're going to get worse okay?

Here take this cold medicine for the headache and fever and don't drive when you take this it's going to make you sleepy, okay

Call me in one week if you're still sick. Okay. I will doctor duh. I don't have time to be sick

Come on, Takeshi. Don't worry. You're going to be fine

Hey

Did you hear the joke about the man who went to the doctor? No the man says to the doctor?

What's wrong with me it hurts when I touch my arm my hand my chest my stomach

My leg my knee and my ankle

And the doctor says of course your finger is broken

Hey listen to this Australian boo Linda so tson set a world record for climbing the Empire State Building in 1996 she ran a

1576 steps in just 12 minutes 19 seconds

1576 steps that's amazing 12 minutes and 19 seconds, ooh

Balancing on one foot

a

man in Sri Lanka

Balancing on one foot for 76 hours and 40 minutes hmm

He did it for May 22nd to be 25th

1997 no that's a pretty unusual one hmm

Oh and listen to this Gary Kasparov became the world's chess champion at age 22

That's pretty young are you kidding at age 22? That's no big deal?

I had more achievements than that and at a much younger age

Like like I could read him right at age 3 I could too and in the two languages

Only two languages I could speak three languages by the time I was six

and

What can you do now I?

Can hold my breath for 90 seconds see?

That's nothing I can tap dance and really well look I

Can pat my head and rub my stomach and Hum all at the same time

Hold it I've got one I can do magic see this quarter watch

Oh

Wow

It disappeared that's cool. You're pretty talented Tara. Okay. Where's the coin right here? Ah?

I

Give up how did you do that? I can't tell you why are you because a magician never tells her secrets?

Oh, yeah, well I can do magic too. Let me try

Ready now you see it now you don't

Very funny may I have my quarter now, nope it's gone magic

Well

The early show of dangerous city is sold out

What are we going to do now?

Let's see well. Maybe we should wait for the next show. I can't I'm meeting Tara tonight

We're going to the new museum exhibit together, and I'm seeing Klaudia tonight. We're having dinner together hmm, okay well

Why don't we see?

beyond Everest

It's a new action-adventure movie my friends were totally amazed man. I get tired of just looking at all that action

What's lost and found in New York about?

That's a comedy. I saw it last week. It's kind of amusing, but I'm not seeing it again. Okay. Okay, how about?

Aliens from planet x. No. I can't stand science fiction movies really

I love them

I think they're exciting I'm fascinated by special effects remember Star Wars now that was classic entertainment not for me

I got bored. I fell asleep by the end of the movie well

That's just because you were confused by a kids movie guys come on. What's it's only a movie

Let's find one we all agree on okay, okay?

all right uh

How about screaming monsters want blood part two? Oh not another disgusting horror movie?

Why not Claudia and Tara liked it true? They said it was really scary?

They loved it come on guys. Let's just see

Hello oh

Hi, Claudia

Yes, you see what they're kissing in me

Hang on. It's Klaudia Tara. Can't meet you tonight

What really okay, no problem good luck bye?

Well it looks like we're both free tonight

What happened Tara is studying for a big exam tomorrow and Claudia's going to help her well?

That's it then we're seeing the Late Show of danger City. Oh, and then maybe we can see the Late Late Show of screaming

monsters warmth blood parts -

maybe

Come on monster. Let's get dinner before the movies

