1. Describe a pet that you own and has a special influence on you.

I would like to tell you about my dog. His name is Bobby.
Bobby was born and brought up in Japan. 
At the age of three, he travelled to Frankfurt with his owner. 
I had the chance to own Bobby two years ago, when my Japanese neighbor decided to move to Berlin to accept a new job offer.
Bobby is an extremely loyal and smart dog. 
He is good at swimming and can even imitate pieces of basic human language such as hello and goodbye.
Furthermore, he enjoys playing in my house's garden and watching television with me in the evening.
Two years ago, Bobby was upset because he had to leave his owner.
However, these days Bobby and I are close friends, and we often play sports together in my free time. 
Bobby has a special influence on my life, since he was the first pet that I have ever owned in my life.

2. Do you think animals have feelings and rights? (Why?/Why not?)

I think animals can think and feel too. 
I'm sure you have heard of the story of a dog named Hachiko that waited for his owner's return every day for more than nine years after his owner's death. 
Such remarkable loyalty shown by a dog made me realize that animals can have emotions too. 
I also believe animals should be granted rights so that there's a clear legal limit to human behaviors in relation to animals.

3. Some people breed animals such as dogs for money. How do you feel about that?

I'm fine with people breeding animals for money as long as they don't hurt the animals in the process. 
I know some people who breed dogs for a living but I know that they love the dogs and truly care for them; they would never want to see the dogs in pain, so I don't see anything wrong with such a practice.

4. . Do you think there should be laws to protect the welfare of pets and farm animals? (For example, laws against cruel treatment.) Why?/Why not?

Absolutely. 
If you think about it, animals are vulnerable, defenseless and completely under a man's control / in a man's charge. 
Nevertheless, I strongly believe that animals deserve to live their lives free from suffering and exploitation. 
People who disregard the wellbeing of animals should be brought to court and held accountable for violating animal rights.

5. Are there any wild animals in your country that are not found in any other country?

I'm aware of only a few endangered species, such as the pheasant, Tonkin snub-nosed monkey, Crested Argus and the Annam black muntjac.

6. Are there any animal reserves in your country where wild animals can live in protection?

As far as I know, there are several national parks and nature reserves across the country to protecting wild plant and animal species and their habitats.

7. How do people feel about the protection of wild animals?

For the most part, I'm sure people are well aware of the importance of protecting wild animals and endangered species. 
Particularly many youngsters nowadays are actively playing their part in wildlife conservation by participating in animal conservation volunteer programs in remote areas of the country and sharing stories of illegal wildlife trade on their social media in hope of raising overall animal welfare standards.

8. What do you think are some of the benefits to humans from protecting wild animals?

In my opinion, there are two main reasons to protect wild animals. 
One of them has to do with the protection of our ecosystem. 
Everything in the wild has evolved to work together to have a biosphere that sustains life. 
Yet, it is hard to know exactly what might happen to an ecosystem when even the smallest contributor to that ecosystem vanishes. 
Hence, wild animals, as a part of the ecosystem of the world need to be conserved and protected. 
Plus, a lot of medicines used to help cure various health conditions, such as heart diseases, disorders and other illnesses have been derived from the chemicals produced by animals. 
If wild animals are gone, it will be impossible for humans to study and learn from them.

9. What should we do to protect endangered animals?

Well, I think that the people in the modern society should protect our environment in order to provide a comfortable home for the endangered animals. 
We cannot deny that the modern people cut down a lot of trees and exhaust the wasted gas into the air in order to develop the economy, all of which will have a bad influence on the inhabitants of the endangered animals. 
In this case, I think the whole society should work together to improve the quality of the natural environment in order to provide a comfortable home for those endangered animals.

10. Do you support doing experiment on animals?

Well, as far as I am concerned, I do not support doing experiments on
animals. What I want to mention firstly is that those experiments are too cruel
for animals. I remembered when I was a student in the university, the 
students in the medical campus always use little rats and little rabbits to do
the experiment in order to test the side effects of the medicine. They injected
those chemical medicines into the animal, and some of the animals die of
the pain. I think this process is too cruel for the animals. Secondly, doing
experiments on animals is a kind of disrespect to lives. Although the animals
cannot talk in human’s languages, they have their own thoughts and I think
they should have the right to choose their own lives. Based on the reasons
mentioned above, I think we should not do experiments on animals.