1. My current job
  1.1 The project I am working on is an e-commerce website, the backend using nodeJs (express) and the frontend using nextJs.
  1.2 My team consists of 6 people, a translator, a team leader, 2 people working on the backend, 2 people working on the frontend including me.
  1.3 My day job is to take the task, estimate the time to do the task, then I will start coding.
  1.4 After completing the task, I will check the code, functionality, user interface and test the old functions related to this task again before giving it to the team leader.
  1.5 Then the team leader will check again, if there is anything wrong, give feedback and I will start to fix the feedback.
  1.6 This will be repeated until everything related to the task is perfect, then the team leader will deploy to the dev server for a final test before notifying the client that the task is complete.
2. Introduce myself
  2.1 I am easy to get along with and work well with everyone.
  2.2 I enjoy interacting with different types of people and I always challenge myself to improve in everything I do.
  2.3 When I'm working, I want to work hard.
  2.4 And outside of work, I like to engage in my personal activities such as jogging and playing badminton.
3. My strengths
  3.1 I have good communication skills and I'm reliable and organized.
  3.2 I always pays attention to detail, I want every task to be done carefully.
  3.3 I can complete a large amount of work in a short time with as few errors as possible and I always get my work done on time.
4. My weaknesses
  4.1 I feel my English is my weakest point, I know this is only a temporary problem and I will definitely study hard to communicate more effectively.
  4.2 The next weak point that I struggled with is not asking for help.
  4.3 I always try to solve my own problems instead of asking a colleague who might know the answer.
  4.4 This would save me more time and I would be more efficient.
  4.5 I'm trying to know when it's beneficial to ask for help.
  4.5 I'm not a very spontaneous person, I prefer to work prepared and according to a well-defined plan