Welcome to twominuteenglish.com. Teaching you English through two minute or less.

In this lesson we will learn the phrases you can use when you want to apologize to someone.

What can I do for you?

I have a problem.

What's the problem?

I got charged for a printed bank statement that I didn't get!

Pardon me. You didn't make a statement request?

No I didn't!

I will cancel the fees you owe. Please accept my apologies. I am sure it was an error.

Well thank you. I hope you guys take more care in the future.

Yes we will.

Are you aware of the reason why I pulled you over?

Not at all, sir.

One of your brake lights is out.

I am sorry I didn't know that.

I have to write you a ticket.

Can you please give me a warning this time? I didn't do this on purpose.

I am really sorry but I have to do my job.

Alright, please give me the ticket if you can't help it.

Is there a problem officer?

Did you not notice that stop sign that you ran through?

I am terribly sorry but I really didn't see it.

Well I am sorry, but you're getting a ticket.

Oh come on officer! There was no one on the road.

Ma'am, please forgive me for saying so, but that doesn't give you the right to break the law.

I really didn't mean to do it, it was a honest mistake. I swear!

Is that right? Okay. I will let you go this time, but please pay more attention in the future.

Thank you for being so understanding.

What can I do for you?

I would like to return some books.

Let me have them.

Here they are.

These books were due three weeks ago.

Yeah. I totally forgot about them. I am sorry. I didn't mean to keep the books for so long.

You'll have to pay a fine of 30 cents per day for each  one of these books.

Well, I guess I deserve that. It'll be a lesson that will help me remember the next time.

What can I do for you?

These books were due three weeks ago.

Are you aware of the reason why I pulled you over?

Did you not notice that stop sign that you ran through?

I got charged for a printed bank statement that I didn't get!

You'll have to pay a fine of 30 cents per day for each  one of these books.

Can you please give me a warning this time? I didn't do this on purpose.