Welcome to twominuteenglish.com. Teaching you English in two minutes or less.

In this lesson, we are going to learn words and phrases 

 you can use when you talk about your family.

Brenda, are we going to Boston for Thanksgiving again this year?

Yes, Sarah. We'll meet Marisa's new baby boy.

How are the baby and I related again?

Marisa is your cousin on your father’s side 

 so the baby is also your cousin.

Oh, okay. How do I become an aunt? I’ve always wanted a nephew.

Your older sister or brother would have to have a baby boy.

Sarah. Why don't you tell me about your family?

I am very proud of my family for a lot of reasons.

My mom and dad both save lives as a nurse and a firefighter.

Do you have any siblings?

Yes. I have 1 older brother who is really good at sports.

I have 1 younger sister named Elizabeth.

What about cousins and uncles?

Yes. I have a very big family and we all get along very well.

My cousins and uncles all come over during the holidays.

It sounds like you have a great family Sarah.

I am so excited that you're going to join my family reunion Billy.

I am excited too. How many family members do you have?

I have a lot.

I think just my family, the Jones, and my cousins, 

 the Smith’s, the Johnson’s and Clark’s will be there.

That sounds like a lot of people!

It may be even more.

My sister just got married to John who has a large family.

That’s cool though.

You’re now a sister-in-law to John and have a lot of new cousins.

Yea, I am looking forward to meet them.

Hey Billy you are going home from college.

Your family must be waiting eagerly!

Yep they are! My mom called me yesterday.

She's baking my favorite pie.

That's awesome. Who else do you have?

Well my younger sister is 16, and my dad.

That's not a very big family.

It's not, we are a small close-knit family.

 I hope you have a nice time.

I am sure I will.

How are the baby and I related again?

Why don't you tell me about your family?

Do you have any siblings?

How many family members do you have?

we are a small close-knit family.

